Suppliers:

Sip:
SIP, with its headquarters in Slovenia (known as the engineering capital of the region), has over 60 years experience in the manufacture of farm machinery. SIP was the first company to develop a twin rotor rake. SIP operates from an industry leading manufacturing facility covering an impressive 8 hectares. SIP are experts in grass machinery and produce a range of high quality professional mowers, tethers and rakes.
In the past SIP were manufacturing grass machines for well-known German and Austrian manufacturers. They gained valuable experience from this which has been very beneficial in developing their own range of machines.
The SIP range includes machines for the private user and the large scale contractor. The company caters for the quality end of the market and all of their production is built to high standard using high quality components (eg SKF, Walterscheid etc) and backed up by a 2 year manufacturers warranty.
The impressive build quality is enhanced by a really high quality KTL and powder coated paint system. SIP are highly regarded for the quality of their paint system and have for many years been painting components for some of the premium brands in the automotive industry.
SIP are very aware of the competitive nature of the agricultural market and of the importance of
giving value to farmers and contractors. This focus has led to SIP products being awarded the Number 1 place for price v performance. This along with an impressive spare parts back up service is a winning combination for Irish farmers.
SIP exports over 80% of production to 55 countries worldwide. Farmec are fully confident that the equipment manufactured by SIP is ideally suited to the demanding Irish market conditions. Many of the SIP machines have unique and patented innovations. Some of the SIP innovations include:


1. A unique Disc Drive Safety System (DDSS) fitted with safety shear pins to protect the cutterbar is fitted to all mowers allowing the farmer to easily fix the mower in the field in a matter of minutes.


2. An excellent adjustable hydraulic ground pressure relief system that makes mowing in all conditions and all terrain easy and hassle free.


3. In the transport position the mower is tilted 120 degrees bringing the centre of gravity closer to the tractor giving better stability and visibility during transport.


4. A collision safety system (CSS) that after colliding with an obstacle moves the cutterbar backwards and upwards and then automatically returns to the operating position.


5. High quality tether tines with different shank lengths to ensure an even tine load distribution and better ground following ability to maintain clean forage.

MX:
MX: MX is the leading French manufacturer of tractor front loaders and front linkages. Located near Rennes in the north west of France, the company celebrated 60 years manufacturing farm equipment in 2011. In the last three decades MX has become the specialist manufacturer of tractor loaders and front linkages for tractors from 15 hp to 230 hp. MX is recognised as leaders in innovation. The company’s focus is dedicated to new technologies and practical designs to make the farmers life easier and safer so that he can fully exploit his tractor and loader combination. Many MX devices have been patented by the MX design team.
The MX company’s wealth of manufacturing experience, sustained investment in research and development, innovative designs and quality of production makes them an essential partner in agricultural loading equipment.
MX consider a number of principles when developing their products, including listening to the needs of the end user, developing strong links with distributors and tractor manufacturers, extensive research and development into agricultural techniques, and the use of state of the art manufacturing and design technology. These principles are an extension of the MX philosophy, to always make life easier for the farmer with the most automated loader available.
A wide experience of the agricultural market has allowed MX to develop loaders that provide solutions for the farmer by ensuring a perfect match between the loader specification and the power of the tractor.
Here are some compelling reasons to choose MX Tractor Front Loaders:


Fast hitching and removal – For MX loaders only one single exit from the tractor cab is required to perform each operation. All other loader manufacturers require the operator to leave the cab twice to hitch or remove their loader. See very effective video demonstration on www.m-x.eu.


Hydraulic self levelling – Increases actual lift and tear out capacity by up to 35% without any extra energy requirements from the tractor


Superior Controllability – Flexpilot, low pressure oil over oil controls, are maintenance free, give really fast responses and requires just 10% of the effort compared to cable controls. Smooth and supple action removes operator fatigue. Smooth Propilot joystick cable controls are optional.


Panoramic Vision – fully integrated hydraulic circuit and levelling system provides an uninterrupted panoramic range of vision which means less stress on the operator.


Superior strength – really heavy duty sub-frame brackets, specific to each tractor, designed to distribute stress over the full length of the tractor. Loader jib design, with a well positioned cross beam reinforced at each end, provides perfect stress distribution and guarantees unchallenged lateral rigidity and strength.

Sulky: 
Sulky is the market leader in the production of fertiliser spreaders and seed drills in France and is one of the top three producers in Europe. Established in 1936 the company is based near Rennes in the north west of France. To celebrate its 75th Anniversary and demonstrating a firm commitment to agriculture and the future of Sulky itself, the company commissioned a brand new state of the art factory on a green field site in July 2011. Sulky has full ISO 9001 certification and invests 4% of sales in Research and Development annually. Sulky engineers have designed a multitude of original, fully patented inventions to make the farmers job easier and safer, including the Oscillating Hopper Agitator providing a constant, smooth flow of fertiliser irrespective of the quantity in the hopper, the TRIBORD 3D Border Spreading Device and the Stop and Go Light Bar System to avoid any fertiliser wastage or over application, to mention just a few.

BARGAM: 
Bargam is based at Imola in the northern part of Italy and is one of the largest producers of sprayers in Europe. The company has two manufacturing plants and specialises in the production of agricultural and amenity sprayers. With over 30 years manufacturing experience, Bargam is one of three manufacturers in Europe that offers a full range of tractor mounted, trailed, self propelled and amenity sprayers. The company also has a large sprayer boom production and supplies boom kits to original sprayer manufacturers. All Bargam equipment is fully CE Compliant and the company’s products are exported to over 40 countries worldwide. More than 2500 Bargam sprayers have been sold in Ireland over the past 20 years. To ensure a continuous supply and availability of spare parts and maintain the future reliability of Bargam sprayers, only Annovi Reverberi (AR) piston diaphragm pumps and ARAG controls are specified in the production of Bargam Sprayers