Terms of use:
In General:
This Web site is provided to you by Farmec Ireland Ltd. Access to and use of this Web site and the services available at this Web site are subject to the following terms and conditions as set forth in this notice. By accessing or using the Web site or downloading materials from the Web site, you agree to be legally bound by the terms and conditions set forth below without any modification. Please, review them carefully. If you do not agree to the terms, do not use this Web site.
Best viewing practices:
This site makes use of HTML and is designed to display properly in Internet Explorer 9.0 and later versions of these browsers.
Copyright and Trademarks:
The copyright in this entire Web site is held by Farmec Ireland Ltd. All material provided on this Web site is protected under international copyright laws and treaty provisions. Except as expressly provided herein, none of the material provided on this Web site may be copied, distributed, republished, reproduced, downloaded, displayed or transmitted in any form for commercial use without the prior written permission of Farmec Ireland Ltd. Individual visitors of this Web site are permitted to download or print one copy of material published on this Web site solely for their personal, non-commercial use, provided that they do not modify the materials and that they retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. This permission terminates automatically if you breach any of the terms and conditions contained herein. Farmec Ireland Ltd. does not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, trademarks, copyrights or trade secret laws. The trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively referred to as "Trademarks") displayed on this Web site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Farmec Ireland Ltd. and those companies that Farmec Ireland Ltd. has negotiated distribution rights and no trademark license either express or implied is granted by Farmec Ireland Ltd. You do not have any right to use any Trademark displayed on this Web site without prior written permission of Farmec Ireland Ltd. or the owner of the trademarks. Trademarks are one of our most valuable business assets. In the event of unauthorised use or misuse of its Trademarks Farmec Ireland Ltd. and its suppliers will pursue its legal remedies without delay.
Electronic information submitted to this web siteElectronic information submitted to this web site:
Any communication or material other than your personal information submitted to this Web site by electronic mail is the exclusive property of Farmec Ireland Ltd. and is considered to be non-confidential and non-proprietary. Such communication may include without limitation questions, comments, suggestions and ideas. Farmec Ireland Ltd. shall be free to use them for any purpose whatsoever without restriction or compensation.
Disclaimer:
THE INFORMATION IN THIS WEB SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTIBILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE FARMEC IRELAND LTD. SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS OR TECHNICAL INACCURACIES IN THIS WEB SITE. This Web site is primarily for the benefit and use of Farmec Ireland's dealers, customers and potential customers. Farmec Ireland Ltd. is constantly improving its products and services and reserves the right to make such improvements or changes to this Web site, the materials, products, services or prices posted in this Web site without prior notice as it deems necessary. As a convenience to you, Farmec Ireland Ltd. provides links to Web sites operated by others. Farmec Ireland makes no representations about Web sites accessed from this Web site which are not maintained, controlled or created by Farmec Ireland Ltd. and does not endorse any linked Web sites or the information appearing thereon. Links do not imply that Farmec Ireland Ltd. endorses, is affiliated with or associated with such linked Web sites.

Privacy Policy:
Our committment to your privacy:
Farmec Ireland Ltd. respects your privacy. We are particularly sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet and therefore we provide this Privacy Policy so you know about our online information practices and understand how we treat the information we receive about you from the Internet.
The information we collect:
In general, you can browse our Web site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We are however able to determine your IP address. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Web site, to measure the use of our Web site and to improve the content of our Web site. In short we use your IP to gather aggregate demographic information. There are a few places where we give you an opportunity to provide us a small amount of personal information about yourself such as your name and address. If you choose to share any personal information with us, you will see that the amount and type of personal information we request depend on how you use our Web site.
The way we use information:
We may use your personal information for particular purposes such as processing your order or for marketing research and other marketing purposes and for providing you with the latest product and promotional information and other information that might be useful to you. We may share this information with Farmec Ireland's affiliates, dealers or other business partners to support your customer relationship with Farmec Ireland Ltd. We will not give or sell this information to any other company for its use in marketing or solicitation. If you have provided us your personal information and do not wish to receive further information from Farmec Ireland Ltd., you can send us an e-mail at info@farmec.ie and tell us that you do not want to receive future communications. The Farmec Ireland web site contains links to other non-Farmec Web sites. Farmec Ireland Ltd. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites and you should exercise your best judgement when sharing personal information on these Web sites.
Our commitment to security of your personal information:
We want you to have continuing trust in Farmec Ireland Ltd. and in our products and services and, so, we have put in place reasonable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure your personal information. By using this Web site you are agreeing to the terms of the Farmec Ireland Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to modify our privacy policy as business needs require. We will post such changes on our Web site.
